.. -*-doctest-*-

============
Sponsorships
============

Start with a portal.

    >>> from netsight.conferenceregistration import testing
    >>> app = testing.CONFERENCE_FUNCTIONAL_TESTING['app']
    >>> portal = testing.CONFERENCE_FUNCTIONAL_TESTING['portal']

----------------------------
Configure Sponsorship Levels
----------------------------

Open a browser as a user with rights to configure the sponsorship
levels.

    >>> from plone.testing import z2
    >>> admin_browser = z2.Browser(app)
    >>> admin_browser.handleErrors = False
    >>> admin_browser.open(portal.absolute_url())

    >>> admin_browser.getLink('Log in').click()
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Login Name').value = 'admin'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Password').value = 'secret'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Log in').click()

The admin can configure the sponsorship levels with the price of the
level and an optional maximum number of sponsorships.  Navigate to the
sponsorship control panel.

    >>> admin_browser.getLink('Site Setup').click()
    >>> admin_browser.getLink('Sponsorships').click()

The name and amount sponsorship level fields are required.

    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Add sponsorship level').click()
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    <...Please correct the indicated errors...
    ...Name is required, please correct...
    ...Amount is required, please correct...

Add the gold sponsorship level limited to 1 sponsorship.

    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Add sponsorship level').click()
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Name').value = 'Gold'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Amount').value = '5000'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Number Allowed').value = '1'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    >>> print admin_browser.contents
    <...Changes saved...
    Gold 5000 1...

Add a silver sponsorship level limited to 2 sponsorships.

    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Add sponsorship level').click()
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Name').value = 'Silver'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Amount').value = '1000'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Number Allowed').value = '2'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    >>> print admin_browser.contents
    <...Changes saved...
    Gold 5000 1...
    Silver 1000 2...

The 'Number Allowed' field is optional.  If left blank then there is
no limit to the number of sponsorships.  Add a bronze sponsorship
level without a limit to the number of sponsorships.

    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Add sponsorship level').click()
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Name').value = 'Bronze'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Amount').value = '200'
    >>> admin_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    >>> print admin_browser.contents
    <...Changes saved...
    Gold 5000 1...
    Silver 1000 2...
    Bronze 200...

-------------------
Adding Sponsorships
-------------------

Open a browser as a user with rights to add a sponsorship.

    >>> sponsor_browser = z2.Browser(app)
    >>> sponsor_browser.handleErrors = False
    >>> sponsor_browser.open(portal.absolute_url())

    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Log in').click()
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Login Name').value = TODO
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Password').value = 'secret'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Log in').click()

Navigate to the sponsorships folder, just a folder with constrain
types used to limit the allowed types to the sponsorship type, and add
a new gold sponsorship.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Sponsorships').click()
    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Add Sponsorship').click()

The sponsorship object has fields for the sponsor name, sponsorship
level, an image and arbitrary WYSIWYG content.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Sponsor')
    <Control name='title' type='text'>
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Sponsorship Level')
    <Control name='level' type='text'>
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(name='image_file')
    <Control name='image' type='file'>
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Body Text')
    <Control name='text' type='textarea'>

The sponsorship level field has no default.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Sponsorship Level').value
    []

All these fields are required.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    <...Please correct the indicated errors...
    ...Sponsor is required, please correct...
    ...Sponsorship Level is required, please correct...
    ...Body Text is required, please correct...
    ...Image is required, please correct...

The payment information fields are required.

    TODO

If the payment information is not valid, an error is displayed to the
user.

    TODO

Enter valid values for all the fields and save the sponsorship.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Sponsor').value = 'Foo Sponsor Title'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl('Gold - $5000').selected = True

    >>> import os
    >>> import cStringIO
    >>> from Products import CMFPlone
    >>> image = open(os.path.join(
    ...     os.path.dirname(CMFPlone.__file__),
    ...     'skins', 'plone_images', 'link_icon.png'))
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(name='image_file').add_file(
    ...     image, 'image/png', 'link_icon.png')

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Body Text').value = 'Foo Sponsor body text'

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    <...Changes saved...
    ...Foo Sponsor Title...
    ...Gold...
    ...Foo Sponsor body text...
    ...link_icon.png...

The gold level fee has been successfully charged using the payment
information. 

    TODO $5000

Add a silver sponsorship.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Sponsorships').click()
    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Add Sponsorship').click()

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Sponsor').value = 'Bar Sponsor Title'

    >>> image = open(os.path.join(
    ...     os.path.dirname(CMFPlone.__file__),
    ...     'skins', 'plone_images', 'event_icon.png'))
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(name='image_file').add_file(
    ...     image, 'image/png', 'event_icon.png')

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Body Text').value = 'Bar Sponsor body text'

Only the sponsorship levels that have not reached their limit are
selectable on the add form.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl('Gold - $5000')
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    LookupError: label 'Gold - $5000'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl(
    ...         'Silver - $1000').selected = True

Save the new silver level sponsorship.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    <...Changes saved...
    ...Bar Sponsor Title...
    ...Silver...
    ...Bar Sponsor body text...
    ...event_icon.png...

The silver level fee has been successfully charged using the payment
information. 

    TODO $1000

Attempt to add another silver level sponsorship.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Sponsorships').click()
    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Add Sponsorship').click()

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Sponsor').value = 'Qux Sponsor Title'

    >>> image = open(os.path.join(
    ...     os.path.dirname(CMFPlone.__file__),
    ...     'skins', 'plone_images', 'file_icon.png'))
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(name='image_file').add_file(
    ...     image, 'image/png', 'file_icon.png')

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Body Text').value = 'Qux Sponsor body text'

The silver level sponsorship is still available since there is one
more sponsorship available at that level.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl('Gold - $5000')
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    LookupError: label 'Gold - $5000'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl(
    ...         'Silver - $1000').selected = True

Add another silver sponsorship in the meantime, exhausting the silver
sponsorships available.

    >>> portal.sponsorships.invokeFactory(
    ...     type_name='Sponsorship',
    ...     id='baz-sponsorship-title',
    ...     title='Baz Sponsorship Title',
    ...     level=2)
    'baz-sponsorship-title'

    >>> import transaction
    >>> transaction.commit()

Attempt to save the silver sponsorship in progress.  A validation
error is displayed to the user indicating the the silver level is no
longer available.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    <...Please correct the indicated errors...
    ...Sponsorship Level is invalid, please correct...

Successfully save the new sponsorship as a bronze sponsorship.

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl('Gold - $5000')
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    LookupError: label 'Gold - $5000'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl('Silver - $1000')
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    LookupError: label 'Silver - $1000'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl(
    ...         'Bronze - $200').selected = True

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    <...Changes saved...
    ...Qux Sponsor Title...
    ...Bronze...
    ...Qux Sponsor body text...
    ...file_icon.png...

The bronze level fee has been successfully charged using the payment
information.

    TODO $200

Add 2 more bronze sponsorships then add another sponsorship using the
form, demonstrating there is no limit.

    >>> portal.sponsorships.invokeFactory(
    ...     type_name='Sponsorship',
    ...     id='bah-sponsorship-title',
    ...     title='Bah Sponsorship Title',
    ...     level=3)
    'bah-sponsorship-title'

    >>> portal.sponsorships.invokeFactory(
    ...     type_name='Sponsorship',
    ...     id='quux-sponsorship-title',
    ...     title='Quux Sponsorship Title',
    ...     level=3)
    'quux-sponsorship-title'

    >>> import transaction
    >>> transaction.commit()

    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Sponsorships').click()
    >>> sponsor_browser.getLink('Add Sponsorship').click()

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Sponsor').value = 'Blah Sponsor Title'

    >>> image = open(os.path.join(
    ...     os.path.dirname(CMFPlone.__file__),
    ...     'skins', 'plone_images', 'file_icon.png'))
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(name='image_file').add_file(
    ...     image, 'image/png', 'file_icon.png')

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Body Text').value = 'Blah Sponsor body text'

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl('Gold - $5000')
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    LookupError: label 'Gold - $5000'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl('Silver - $1000')
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    LookupError: label 'Silver - $1000'
    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl(
    ...     'Sponsorship Level').getControl(
    ...         'Bronze - $200').selected = True

    >>> sponsor_browser.getControl('Save').click()
    <...Changes saved...
    ...Blah Sponsor Title...
    ...Bronze...
    ...Blah Sponsor body text...
    ...file_icon.png...

--------------------
Sponsorships Viewlet
--------------------

A viewlet is provided which lists all the sponsorships sorted and
grouped by level.

Open a browser as an anonymous user.

    >>> anon_browser = z2.Browser(app)
    >>> anon_browser.handleErrors = False
    >>> anon_browser.open(portal.absolute_url())

The viewlet only lists sponsorships which have been published.  Since
none have been published yet, the viewlet lists doesn't list any
sponsorships or levels.

    >>> anon_browser.open(TODO)
    >>> print anon_browser.contents
    <...
    <div id="sponsorships">
    </div>...

Publish one silver level.

    >>> from Products.CMFCore.utils import getToolByName
    >>> wftool = getToolByName(portal, 'portal_workflow')

    >>> wftool.doActionFor(
    ...     portal.sponsorships['bar-sponsorship-title'], 'publish')

    >>> transaction.commit()

Now the viewlet shows one level and one sponsorship.

    >>> anon_browser.open(TODO)
    >>> print anon_browser.contents
    <...
    <div id="sponsorships">
      <h2>Sponsorships</h2>
      <dl id="sponsorship-level-2">
        <dt>Silver</dt>
        <dd><dl>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bar-sponsorship-title">Bar
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bar-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Bar Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bar-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
        </dl></dd>
      </dl>
    </div>...

Publish the rest of the sponsorships.

    >>> for sponsorship in portal.sponsorships.contentValues():
    ...     if wftool.getInfoFor(
    ...         sponsorship, 'review_state') == 'published':
    ...         continue
    ...     wftool.doActionFor(sponsorship, 'publish')

    >>> transaction.commit()

Now the viewlet shows all levels and sponsorships.

    >>> anon_browser.open(TODO)
    >>> print anon_browser.contents
    <...
    <div id="sponsorships">
      <h2>Sponsorships</h2>
      <dl id="sponsorship-level-1">
        <dt>Gold</dt>
        <dd><dl>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/foo-sponsorship-title">Foo
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/foo-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Foo Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/foo-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
        </dl></dd>
      </dl>
      <dl id="sponsorship-level-2">
        <dt>Silver</dt>
        <dd><dl>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bar-sponsorship-title">Bar
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bar-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Bar Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bar-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/baz-sponsorship-title">Baz
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/baz-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Baz Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/baz-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
        </dl></dd>
      </dl>
      <dl id="sponsorship-level-3">
        <dt>Bronze</dt>
        <dd><dl>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/qux-sponsorship-title">Qux
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/qux-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Qux Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/qux-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bah-sponsorship-title">Bah
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bah-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Bah Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/bah-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/quux-sponsorship-title">Quux
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/quux-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Quux Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/quux-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
          <dt>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/blah-sponsorship-title">Blah
            Sponsorship Title</a>
          </dt>
          <dd>
            <a
            href="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/blah-sponsorship-title">
            <img alt="Blah Sponsorship Title"
            src="http://nohost/plone/sponsorships/blah-sponsorship-title/image_mini"
            />
            </a>
          </dd>
        </dl></dd>
      </dl>
    </div>...
